Added Elasticsearch proxy example (#1398)
elastic/elasticsearch-js: docs/examples/proxy/README.md

# Elasticsearch proxy example

This folder contains an example of how you could build a lightweight proxy
that you can put between your frontend code and Elasticsearch if you don't
have a more sophisticated backend in place yet.

> **IMPORTANT:** this is not a production ready code & purely for demonstration purposes,
> we make no guarantees on it's security and stability

This project is designed to be deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), a cloud platform
for static sites and Serverless Functions. You can use also other functions providers,
such as [Google Cloud functions](https://cloud.google.com/functions).

## Project structure

The project already comes with three endpoints:

- `/api/search`: run a search, it requires the `'read'` permissions

> - `/api/autocomplete`: run a autocomplete suggestion, it requires the `'read'` permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/api/autocomplete`: runs an autocomplete suggestion, requires `'read'` permission
```

> - `/api/index`:  index or updates a document, it requires the `'write'` permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/api/index`:  indexes or updates a document, requires `'write'` permission
```

> - `/api/delete`  delete a document, it requires the `'write'` permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/api/delete`:  deletes a document, requires `'write'` permission
```

Inside `utils/authorize.js` you can find the authorization logic for the endpoints.
In each endpoint you should configure the `INDEX` variable.

## How to use

> First of all, create an account on Vercel and create a deployment on Elastic Cloud, if you

Reviewer: Nit. 
```suggestion
Create an account on Vercel, then create a deployment on Elastic Cloud. If you
```

don't have an account on Elastic Cloud, you can create one with a free 14-day trial
of the [Elasticsearch Service](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/service).

### Configure Elasticsearch

Once you have created a deployment on Elastic Cloud copy the generated Cloud Id and the credentials.

> Then open `utils/prepare-elasticsearch.js` and fill your credentials. The script will generate

Reviewer: Nit. We try to use present simple tense in the docs whenever it's possible as it is the easiest to read and skim.
```suggestion
Then open `utils/prepare-elasticsearch.js` and fill your credentials. The script generates
```

an [Api Key](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-create-api-key.html)

> that you will use for authenticating your request. Based on the configuration of the Api Key, you will be able

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you can use for authenticating your request. Based on the configuration of the Api Key, you will be able
```

to perform different operation on the specified indices or index pattern.

### Configure Vercel

Install the [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/docs/cli) to bootstrap the project,
or read the [quickstart](https://vercel.com/docs) documentation.

> If you are using the CLI, bootstrap the project by running `vercel`. You can test the project locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the CLI, bootstrap the project by running `vercel`. Test the project locally
```

with `vercel dev`, and deploy it with `vercel deploy`.

> You should configure the `ELASTIC_CLOUD_ID` [environment varible](https://vercel.com/docs/environment-variables) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `ELASTIC_CLOUD_ID` [environment varible](https://vercel.com/docs/environment-variables) as well.
```

> The Api Key will be passed from the frontend app via a `Authorization` header as `Bearer` token and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Api Key is passed from the frontend app via a `Authorization` header as `Bearer` token and is
```

> be used to authorize the API calls to the endpoints as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to authorize the API calls to the endpoints as well.
```

Additional configuration, such as CORS, can be added to [`vercel.json`](https://vercel.com/docs/configuration).

## Authentication

If you are using Elasticsearch only for search purposes, such as a search box, you can create
an Api Key with `read` permissions and store it in your frontend app. Then you can send it
via `Authorization` header to the proxy and run your searches.

If you need to ingest data as well, it's more secure to have a strong authentication in your application.

> For such case, you could use an external authentication service, such as [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such cases, use an external authentication service, such as [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
```

> or [Magic Link](https://magic.link/). Then you can create a different Api Key with `read` and `write`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or [Magic Link](https://magic.link/). Then create a different Api Key with `read` and `write`
```
